What is up guys and what KMAX So in this what are you going to be moving on.
The most professional the most graded and the best team.
OK.
So that team is basically my favorite.
I personally use it for myself for my businesses and also for my clients because that team is just the
fee beyond its professionality you can build professional web sites for this team and that's saying
that you can not Bill.
But if you want more the best look then I would highly recommend you to go with that team.
OK.
So I'm just going to reveal it right now.
The video that you are watching right now it's a lecture.
And then here it says the resources available.
You just have to click it and it says get the premium team.
You have to just click it and you will be taken to the new page.
And here is the team page.
You can see that this team comes with a bundle.
You just have to buy the bundle that bundle will cost you eighty nine dollars only.
But it will give you access to all the teams all the plug ins all the team of dates premium support.
And on a limited website use age.
OK.
If you go to the elementary OK the elements are pro wurden gives you $49 for only a fun Web site.
If you just go down to the pricing right here then you will see that this gives you $49 for only Vonne
single web site in 99 for three websites.
But they give you just 89 for $89 you get on a limited website to use it.
And trust me if you just buy it it is totally worth it.
You can also go with the lifetime axis.
That means that you just have to pay for one time and then you don't have to pay for the next year.
If you buy this purtier section I would highly recommend you to go with purtier right now.
You can upgrade it with a discount code.
Don't just buy 2:49 right now.
OK just buy the trick.
You only exist for it now and you will be given every time.
OK so you haven't just click sign up today you will be taking to the registration page where you have
just register yourself and you will be given the access to that car so you can pay with the visa or
you can pay the pay bill as well.
OK so let's go back and let's see how this team works.
OK.
If we go down we go down.
And here it says Try it for free.
You just have to click it and you can see that you will be taken here and you can try this team and
it will be.
It will take you to the next page.
You can see here it is.
And here you can try this.
OK here it says everything here is basically it is totally to drag and drop.
I can just make it the full width to my website.
OK.
I can just drag it.
I can drag it down.
I can drag it more from the side.
So you can see know this is totally changed to the full width if I want to make it I can change this
as well.
It can change this to be like my name here.
OK I can come here.
I can make anything bold Ray here.
OK.
I can make anything it's like I can make anything underline OK and I can even also change the color
to be a thing I want I can change it to be blue.
I can change the font as well.
So if I just come here and I
I can even add a link.
I can even just assign it to be like a line it to left right justify it and I can also just click here
and I can just add to this like this.
OK so this is how this works.
And then I go down and here you can see that I have this right here.
I can manage this completely.
I can just click this Gira icon and you can see that I can click and type.
I can just come here to image an icon I can choose use icon and then I can choose any of the icons from
here.
So if I choose this lock icon this lock icon is going to appear and I can do everything.
I can go to the design section and then I can go to the sizing so I can manage it.
The size the size of this.
OK.
You can see I can also manage the video of this.
So this is how it is changing.
OK.
I can also optimize it later on.
This is also fairly easy.
This team use it is very easy.
OK.
You can also change the icon color and everything but that's ok you just click it and there we go.
You can also make anything for that.
So if I want to make it the first full fit to screen I can also increase it from here and I can increase
it from here as well.
So if I just come here you can see this is like this I can also click here.
I can also go to the design.
I can also go to the title text the text right here and I can also give some Shatto if I want to give
some châteaux or a here I can increase the shadow as well so you can see this as well.
OK I can go to the title x ray here and I can just make it for capitalized this like this.
And the underline in the strikethrough and I can do any thing but this.
OK this is how it works.
I can also go read the title font so I can change the font if I want to I can go I can choose any of
the fonts right here.
You can see this is how it is like this.
So this theme is pretty value.
You can just play with this team.
You can add pretty well anything you just have to click here and you can see that you can optimize it
for the tablet mode you can optimize it for more by and more.
And this is really easy to optimize.
OK I go down I go down and I can do anything with this team OK.
I can even add a section right here so if I just click here you can see I go down and I can add a section
right here.
I can go ahead.
So let's suppose I can add a regular section with the one column.
OK.
And I want to add
a contact form.
So here we go.
This is a contact form that has been added.
Ok I can add a title I can add a sexist message.
And on this you can see the burden is also changing.
So this is really really amazing.
If I want to add one more thing if I want to add a button right here you can see a button would appear.
I can add but in text.
Hey.
OK.
And then you can see this is right.
This I can also design it myself so I can design it I can change the burden I can come here and use
custom styles I can go down and here you go you can see that I can change the font of the burden like
this.
Sorry that icon I can change it.
So this is how this team works.
OK.
What you have to do if you want to buy it right now after trying it you have to just click this.
Download it today and it'll take you to disjoin page.
Now I really just come here you have to sign up now and you will be taken to this page you have to enter
your user name is your user name can be anything to Andrea.
Email password confirm password First Name Last Name your country of residence and then you have to
enter everything you have to accept this you have to pay them.
And this team also comes with 30 day money back guarantee.
What is this.
If you buy it right now and then if you don't like it you can get your money back as well.
So after you are done with this you have to just go to the log in page and then in the logon page you
can enter your credentials and then you can download this.
So in the upcoming videos we will be moving on with this DVD and we will be moving on with this DV builder
and we will be building a professional website to you guys yourself will see how that website is going
to look and you guys for the love this team.
OK.
So we will be downloading this and then we will be working up at the next website.
OK so I'll just create a new subdomain name Street complete that will be course dot com and I'll be
moving on with that.
Goodbye.